So clingy
Little lover, no matter how hard my life is
I will tolerate this little problem
Teacher, this is your music
An old friend is looking for me
Give me a chance
Too bad it's still a little worse
You might want to try it.
Change the place where the deputy master connects slightly
Come on, come on, come and change it.
Students are afraid to learn from others
Music is about talent
No seniority restrictions
If you want to change it, you can change it.
teacher
Please listen to it.
Why haven't I seen you compose well before?
Because the quality was not turned on before
I'm hanging up
Learning is a process of accumulation
So it was all about learning.
Mainly because the teacher teaches well
Don't give me a top hat
You free up tomorrow and I'll take you somewhere